okay so hey guys I thought it would do a
really fast outfit of the day all my
nails I have the new spoiled nail polish
and it's in plastic flamingos on my lips
is a really pretty hot pink color and it
is wet and wild new um I forget the name
of it but I'll put it in the information
box then my shirt you see me wear this
before i'm sure i got this at body
central it's just really cute i like it
really sparkly and then my jeans i just
ordered from gojane.com and I'm really
really picky when it comes to Jean so I
wasn't sure if I was going to laser
absolutely like so comfortable and so
cute i normally get them from wet seal
but um these are comfortable more
comfortable to me and they're just so
cute they have little sparkles on the
pockets and then on the bottom of the
jeans they had little sparkles down
there too so anything with sparkles I
loved and of course they're distressed
their shipping was really fast and they
just I just love them so I'm definitely
gonna order from them again then their
shoes I wasn't sure are going to be the
quality of them because their sequence
and some of the ones that I've seen the
sequence fall off these are actually
amazing there's no way any sequence or
falling off and I've worn them a good
bed I think I posted a picture on
facebook for Valentine's Day with him on
and everybody loved them so they have
like blue-black they've all different
colors stop with the link in the
information box but oh my god I just
love these these are definitely my
favorite pair shoes so yeah absolutely
love them and I've washed these jeans a
couple times and none of the rhinestones
or anything or falling off which is good
and um I just think they're so cute so
yeah I just wanted to do a real quick
outfit of the day I step back my hair
obviously isn't done but yeah